Congratulations. Your Cost Plus Award Fee task order just been awarded.
So what's next?
Managing your CPAF contract well
helps to ensure the best contractor performance. And FEDSIM will be your
partner
leading you through each step the CPAF process.
In post award, there are a number of tasks for each Award Fee period.
It's a lot of work, but your FEDSIM project manager,
with support behind the scenes, covers most of them.
These are the ones that require your action and attention: Setting your
Service Level Agreements, in which
you suggest and tailor the measures, aligning them with your goals and
outcomes;
setting weights to make sure that we're emphasizing the right measures;
adjusting SLAs and benchmarking new measures;
providing routine feedback to tell FEDSIM if the SLAs are working
and if the performance is meeting your SLAs;
participating in the award fee
evaluation board meeting every six months
and actively helping determine what the contractor's performance rating is;
and after we're all done with the Award Fee process,
concurring on the Award Fee invoice.
Your active partnership with FEDSIM is vital, and working together
we can meet your mission goals and carry out a successful project.